docs(Getting Started): Updated material Getting Started guide to use install schematics and simplify the overall process (#16654)
angular/components: guides/getting-started.md

> This guide explains how to setup your Angular project to begin using Angular Material. It includes information on prerequisites, installing Angular Material, and optionally displaying a sample material component in your application to verify your setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Getting Started with Angular Material

This guide links to resources for setting up an Angular [workspace](https://angular.io/guide/glossary#workspace) and its prerequisites. Then it details the steps to add Angular Material to your workspace's initial application [project](https://angular.io/guide/glossary#project). Additionally, it includes optional steps for displaying your first Angular Material component. Use this to verify that your application's configuration is correct.
```

> This guide explains how to setup your Angular project to begin using Angular Material. It includes information on prerequisites, installing Angular Material, and optionally displaying a sample material component in your application to verify your setup.

Author: The current guide does not have this and its redundant with the second toolbar. I suggest omitting this.

### New to Angular ?

If you are new to Angular or getting started with a new Angular application, see [Angular's full Getting Started Guide](https://angular.io/start) and [Setting up your environment](https://angular.io/guide/setup-local

> ).

Author: Agreed. Fixed. Looks like an extra unintentional return.

For existing applications, follow the steps below to begin using Angular Material:

### Step 1: Install Angular Material npm packages

Use the Angular CLI's install [schematic](https://material.angular.io/guide/schematics) to set up your Angular Material project by running the following command:

```bash
ng add @angular/material
```

The `ng add` command will install Angular Material, the [Component Dev Kit (CDK)](https://material.angular.io/cdk/categories), [Angular Animations](https://angular.io/guide/animations) and ask you the following questions to determine which features to include:

1. Choose a prebuilt theme name, or "custom" for a custom theme ? 

> You can choose from [prebuilt material design themes](https://material.angular.io/guide/theming#using-a-pre-built-theme) or define an extensible custom theme. 

Author: Agreed. Fixed

2. Set up HammerJS for gesture recognition ?

> HammerJS provides [gesture recognition capabilities](https://material.angular.io/guide/getting-started#step-5-gesture-support) you can use in your apps. Angular Material requires HammerJS only for the mat-slider component.

Author: Good feedback. Fixed.

3. Set up browser animations for Angular Material?
Importing the BrowserAnimationsModule into your application enables Angular's animation system. Omitting this will disable most of Angular Material's animations.

The ng add command will additionally perform the following configurations:

* Ensure project dependencies are placed in package.json
* Add Roboto fonts to your index.html
* Add the Material Icon font to your index.html

> * Add global styles to:

Reviewer: Should we mention anything here about how these provide a more app-like experience or better align with Material Design? I couldn't come up with the right wording for this in my review of the Google Doc.

> * Adds a few minimal global CSS resets to:

Author: I'll need to add a "to: " at the end

  * Remove margins from body
  * Set height: 100% on html and body
  * Set Roboto as default application font

You're done! Angular Material is now configured to be used in your application.

### Step 2: Display an example Angular Material component

Let's display a  slider component in your app and verify that everything works.

> You need to import the `MatSliderModule` that you want to display by adding the following lines to your app.module.ts file.

Reviewer: I think that it may be a better getting started experience for new users if they generated a nav via the nav schematic (`ng g @angular/material:nav nav`).

They would only need one additional step to replace their `app.component.html` with the `<app-nav></app-nav>` component after they created it.

Author: I discussed this with Jeremy and we decided to go with the MatSlider as the nav looks a bit out of place on the demo page. I'm back in the office and will address the other comments and submit my changes.

```ts
import { MatSliderModule } from '@angular/material';
…
@NgModule ({....
  imports: [...,
  MatSliderModule,
…]
})
```

> Add the <mat-slider> tag to the app.component.html like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the `<mat-slider>` tag to the `app.component.html` like so:
```

```html
<mat-slider min="1" max="100" step="1" value="1"></mat-slider>
```

Run your local dev server:

```bash
ng serve
```

and point your browser to [http://localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200)

You should see the material slider component on the page.

> In addition to the install schematic, Angular Material comes with [several schematics](https://material.angular.io/guide/schematics) (like nav, table, address-form, etc) that can be used to easily generate components in your apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the install schematic, Angular Material comes with [several schematics](https://material.angular.io/guide/schematics) (like nav, table, address-form, etc.) that can be used to easily generate pre-built components in your application.
```

For existing applications, follow the steps below to begin using Angular Material:

### Step 1: Install Angular Material npm packages

Use the Angular CLI's install [schematic](https://material.angular.io/guide/schematics) to set up your Angular Material project by running the following command:

```bash
ng add @angular/material
```

The `ng add` command will install Angular Material, the [Component Dev Kit (CDK)](https://material.angular.io/cdk/categories), [Angular Animations](https://angular.io/guide/animations) and ask you the following questions to determine which features to include:

1. Choose a prebuilt theme name, or "custom" for a custom theme: 

   You can choose from [prebuilt material design themes](https://material.angular.io/guide/theming#using-a-pre-built-theme) or set up an extensible [custom theme](https://material.angular.io/guide/theming#defining-a-custom-theme).

2. Set up HammerJS for gesture recognition:

   [HammerJS](http://hammerjs.github.io/) provides gesture recognition capabilities required by some components (`mat-slide-toggle`, `mat-slider`, `matToolTip`).

>    Please note, if you choose not to install HammerJS it can be installed later via npm using the following command:

Reviewer 2: I would rather avoid putting this in the main content of the guide, instead using an appendix at the end. It's also somewhat moot since we're removing the dependency on hammer very soon. 

I would also skip the install instructions (_especially_ the different `npm` and `yarn` blocks) since it adds a lot of noise for something 99% of people reading this will know how to do already.

Author: Done. Please review.
